Yes. Hello, how are you? All right, y'all can just call me Latoya, please. Hey, hey, his manners.

I know, I know, that's why I'm like, just call me Latoya, it's all good. How are you? All right, how are you? I'm great, can't complain. So yeah, Miss Latoya, we were, like I said, we talked about it quickly when we had the Teams call, just trying to get an understanding of what you guys are expecting from us as far as how you guys would like to be incorporated in our scheduling and just, you know, how we can, because once again, we're there to assist you guys, so, you know, we want to make sure that we all move in the same way and not, you know, go on different routes.

So that's pretty much, I wouldn't necessarily, speaking of using, you know, when I said systems, I was going off with, I can't remember the lady's name, but when she was saying systems, I kind of took that when she was saying it, but like I was saying, I just wanted to get a better point of view of what you guys are expecting from us as far as work scheduling and just, yeah, pretty much like that, yes, ma'am. Yeah. So initially, we want you all to come in and, like, look around all the properties and help us create a list of all the work that we need to get done at each location, and then that's why I was saying from that, then we can figure out, like, okay, what's the scope of work, what's the cost, you know, give us an estimate once you actually see the work that needs to be done.

And then we also have a few other projects that we're, like, just on hold right now that we're, like, we need to finish this project, and these were, like, more construction projects. So with those, we don't know if, you know, once y'all come in, if we're just going to continue working with the current construction companies that's working on it and you're just managing it to make sure it's, like, on task and it's happening, but it all kind of depends on, like, when y'all initially come in and do the walk around and see what needs to be done. Now, once that happens, we – and I don't know if this is going to be a system that we build internally or this is what you were saying, maybe they usually could build something for us, but at some point we do want a system to where we're tracking all of this stuff, because right now it's just kind of emails.

It was pieces of paper that was, like, left around, and I'm, like, we need a system in place. So if you already had a system, then we could be, like, hey, we'll just go in and fill it out, you know, when we need some work from you. Otherwise, like I said, we were already going to build something internally, probably just go with something, like, off the shelf, and we could just modify it, but we do need to be able to track all of this work, everything that's happening, especially at the sites that are historic, because, you know, that's a different ballgame there.

You know, you need to list out everything that's being done on those properties. So I think Sultana was just kind of asking, like, what systems do you have in place to receive work orders? How do you want to be notified? That type of thing. Yeah, we have systems.

I just want to make sure that I understood that what you guys needed so we can make it to where, you know, it's conducive on both parties, and that you guys will something that's simple as far as, like, you can log in to see the track where they are. So I just want, I was trying to, like, I was asking Chaz, like, if we could talk to get more clarity so I can make sure that I understand what you guys are needing to track so we can make sure we have that to present. And then, like, that one source of truth as far as communication, so not everything, like you said, the emails, the papers, and everything's all over the place.

Right. So, yeah, that's why I just wanted to kind of, like, get more of an idea of what you guys had in mind, too, so we can make sure it's, you know, smooth on both ends, because, you know, we're on the same team, so working together. And like I said, I don't think, I was like, I don't think you guys need to do, like, an off-the-shelf thing, because, like I said, we have stuff in place.

I just want to make sure that we can gear it towards, you know, whatever, the projects that we're working on with you guys to make sure that it's already in place. Because, I mean, that's not something, if you guys are not managing, you don't need to go buy something off the shelf. You know, that's not for you to do.

That's for the company to have. So I just want to make sure that I understood so I can make, you know, make sure everything is in place for you guys. And, of course, I know that it'll be, you know, we can tweak everything once the first job is complete and see how the flow of everything goes, so we can just mimic that, you know.

But, you know, just starting off to see what, you know, exactly what you guys needed. And we'll have that in place. And I mean, and some of the work, you know, is small projects.

That's why I was like, you know, some of it might just be like, look, you know, we need some mirrors hung up in the bathroom. You know, they're not always like these huge projects. But at the same time, it's like some of this is just like we want to keep a running list of items.

And, you know, we have Excel spreadsheets. We have stuff like that. But if you had something that you were using already to track it, that would be great.

You know, we also need like the invoices when they're coming in because once we do onboard you and like the payment system, we need detailed invoices. And we've had, you know, problems in the past where people just send an invoice with a dollar amount and we're like, what is this for? Like you're not telling us what work was performed, which location. Because we have three separate campuses, each one has a different funding source.

So when the work is done, we're like, look, we can't have it all on one invoice, which is what people are doing. And so we run into issues. We're trying to get them split up.

So it was just like, hey, if you have systems in place to make it easier to, you know, submit work and to do all of this documentation that we have to do, that would be great. Okay. What do you guys.

I'm sorry. Yeah. It sounds like when we was talking, she may be over exaggerated with what was actually meant, you know, because it sounds like you guys is basically just contracting client, you know, communication, you know, I don't, like you said, yeah, I don't.

But it's a lot. It has been a lot of back and forth with people, you know, saying, oh, we had a conversation and you said, do this work. And it's just like, wait.

And they just show up and start doing the work. And then we get an invoice. And it was like, wait, wait, what is going on here? So it was like, no, no, no.

We need to be able to follow something from quotes to yes. And then the thing is, you know, we're talking about, you know, like bringing you guys on, even if you have to contract the work out is like the contract is still with you. So if you go out and you bring in somebody else to help, we're still just paying you and it's on you to pay the other people.

Right. And that was times where it was like, we will contract with you. And then somebody else will send us an invoice.

And we were just getting into this ball of confusion. And it was like, no, no, no. We need a system in place, which is why I was saying we might end up building our own as well, because it's like, we need a system in place to where it's all in order.

And it's not random people sending us a quote because you went out and hired somebody to do some work. And now they're invoicing us. You're invoicing us.

The quote came for you for all of it, but we're trying to piece it all together. That's why we just want a system in place that if we're working with you, it can go through you. Gotcha.

Gotcha. And then. Sound like you guys want over communication.

Gotcha. Yeah. And it was just, I was overstimulated because I was trying to process it all.

And I was like, uh-uh. And then again, it was some people saying the work was done. It wasn't, but we didn't have anything written on the invoices to say what the work was, what work was performed.

And then, you know, people leave and they go and you're going back to, you're looking at invoices from a year ago. And I'm like, we had no system in place, no communication from people, too much word of mouth. You know.

Yeah. Okay. Emails are fine.

Emails are fine. But, you know, again, with the historic sites. Yeah.

And there is one historic site on each campus, at least one. The documentation there has to be up to par because we're getting a historic designation. They always want to come back and want to know what work you have done on it.

And sometimes that could be down to what nails you use because all of it is historic. Mm-hmm. Gotcha.

Gotcha. Okay. Real quick.

So just walk me through one of the things that ideally, like one of the projects you already done, whether it turned out good or bad, but the process of it all. So when you get a job, when you guys have a job for the construction company or project management, however that goes, like what's that process? Like, I know y'all says paperwork on your end, but what do we receive? You know, can you kind of like just walk me through that workflow real quick? So this is one of those, to be honest, we're building that process because previously the facilities person was a person on staff. And then that person on staff was responsible for, you know, coordinate with all, you know, whoever is needed.

So right now we have, like I said, each campus. And so for this process, if you're kind of on retainer, you have a running list. We would like to know upfront, you know, the average cost of certain things.

So for instance, if you kind of tell us, you know, to do some manual labor around here, checking the property, that's one rate. If you want to do project management on like a construction site, that might be one rate. So at that point, if we come to you and we say to you, Hey, we have this project, we need something built.

Like we would at least have a rough estimate of what to expect. After that is done, that contract is approved. And then you're basically told to perform the work or to get it done.

At that point, you can either submit and it's up to you how often you want to submit the invoices to us, to us. If you want to submit them weekly court, biweekly, quarterly, monthly, however you want to send those invoices in, but we would at least kind of have like a running estimate or a total of what to expect because we already have the contract. Okay.

And then when you submit the invoice, if you get it in early enough, all invoices are approved on Fridays and then you're paid for that. And then, you know, at this point we would expect to have been getting updates on the work that's being performed. If it is a big construction project, we would definitely want like a schedule, a project management system, you know, something that we can look at what the steps need to occur.

And then where you are in that process, we need to be updated. If there are delays, if anything, holding it up, we need to know that. So that's how it is for like the big projects.

There are also times when we have events that pop up and we will need facility support. And usually in those processes, you know, we like the person. Well, like I said, the person was always on staff.

So they were in the meetings where we were talking about what was needed. But if we have some kind of system that we can put in and let you know ahead of time, like we're going to need this support on this date, here's the support. And, you know, we would know about the number of hours it should take or in the rate.

Okay. All right. And that's pretty much it.

Okay. What else? Yeah. Yeah, now it's the same.

And then the normal, you know, projects that are around here, I guess, at some point, we're going to talk about, like, if you come here and you do the evaluation and you say, like, you need somebody there every day, you know, we could talk about that, you know, because we do have three campuses. So it's always something going on. It might be a matter of your student in the meetings while we're having these conversations.

If it's going to be like a heavy facilities workload. So this really is like a lot of this is going to be a learning curve for us in this situation, because facilities has always been a person on staff. Okay.

And the historic sites, is anything special about them besides, like, aside from what you just told me, anything that's just geared towards those historic sites you need more than the rest or. Because I know you're saying that you get down to the nails, the type of nails and stuff. So there's a lot more detail when it comes to historic properties and the changes that need to be made on it.

Right now, the one in Wallace is being remodeled, which is why we need a lot of work on that one. We do have a contracting company working with that one, but this project is behind schedule over budget. And this is like one of those priorities where it's like, we really, really, really got to get back on that one.

The issue is some of the companies that's working, we don't have the knowledge to know what the holdup is, which is why we wanted somebody that's involved in construction that could actually work with them and let us know, hey, this is, you know, yeah, that can help get us that back on track. Right. The one at Woodland, that's the one in Laplace.

And I know you all have been now, you know, I've met you there at that one. That one is scheduled to be open to the public in October. So there are projects that are popping up with that one that, you know, they might need a wall painted, you know, they might need some, you know, something hung from the ceilings, all of that.

We do work with architects and a few other people. They tend to tell us what is required. So they will say, this is how you have to install it.

You have to use this equipment. They have been, they have been pretty good with that. So you will work with the architect on that.

The third location is our new location. I mean, we just received that one last year in November. To be honest, only thing we have on now is just an inspection.

So for that one, we don't know what we're going to do with that location yet. So a lot of that might be, okay, let's just maintain it. Until we figure out what's going on over there.

Okay. Like some of the inspection came back and they had some things like some railings was, you know, was broken. You need to fix the railing because it's like a hazard, you know, safety hazard, you know, so those little things, but a lot of that one, we do have the list from the inspection.

We'll probably be like, Hey, can somebody come over with us, look at the list, tell us what's the priority. We work on that and then we go from that. Okay.

All right. Anything else over here? That's, that's pretty much it. I do what, what, what, what does Pergola, what, what is this at the Woodlawn address or what address is going to be at? No, that's out here in Wallace.

So, yeah, so that's just one street over from where, you know, you met us that time. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Yeah. Also, like you said, so responding to the, the, the email you sent me this morning, like you said earlier, we probably, it would be best for us to come out and look at all the, the sites first before I can, before I can submit the proposal to you and everything.

So Monday, do you, do you guys have, is there like a, do you guys have like a spreadsheet or, or any knowledge of what, what needs to go on without us, without you guys being there that we, that you can share with us or would you guys have to be there with us? We'll probably have to be here with you for that because that's actually one of the things that we were asking for. Was a list to be created and we've never got it. So we do know some things that need to be, you know, we want to address, but it's not a full list.

A lot of the items that we, we need to be fixed are actually inside, but depending on what time you come by, like somebody might be here. Yeah. I just wanted to set up a time for you.

I mean, whatever, Saturday or Monday or whatever. Preferably I like to do it this weekend as possible, but you know, it's really up to you guys. But yeah, I would, I would like to come out and I think it'd be best for us to come out.

Okay. Are you wanting to do it tomorrow or starting to begin the week next week? I mean, if you want to do it tomorrow, I can be out here tomorrow. Okay.

Yeah, I can, I can, I can do it tomorrow. We can do it tomorrow. Yes, ma'am.

What time works for you? And by out here tomorrow, you're talking about in wallets, right? Yes, ma'am. Okay. Well, I think, okay, so we can do it tomorrow.

I think so. Tana was already asking y'all to do a walk through. It wouldn't let on Tuesday.

Okay. I think I remember. Yes, she's trying to do that Tuesday.

So the other side, the third site, that's all the way in placum is Paris. So that's like a little ride from here, but I was going to be over there Tuesday morning. So I don't, I mean, that one, that was a little hike.

I don't know if there's usually like a, a slow day for y'all. That will be the better day. But to be honest, like that third site, I'm less concerned about that site than the other two sites.

Cause the other two, we actually have active programs going on and we're like, we got to get this done versus the third site where we're just kind of like, we just need to keep it. You know, we just don't need it to fall down on us, but. Well, I mean, if those, if the, those two are your, you know, your top priorities, we could make a hand to those first and then work to the, the one in Placum and Paris.

When time presents itself. Yeah. Cause on that third one, when you, you know, get on and start looking around, I could see you actually the report from the inspectors.

Cause that was done. Like, I think the end of last month. So you could see what he basically said needed to be done.

It's exterior is interior is like everything that they looked at and basically identify. So I'm saying at least with that one, you can see, you can see what needs to be done on that one. It's locked.

It's locked up. It's locked inside from outside. Yeah.

Yeah. But I mean, we do, we do have a guy over there that, you know, could probably let you in and look around if need be. But like I said, I'm less concerned with that one than the other two.

Well, yeah, like I said, we can, we can focus on the top priorities first and then we'll get to that point when, when we get to that one. So you said tomorrow you want to do the wildest one? The wildest site. Yeah.

That's when, when you're available, we can do it tomorrow. Sound like you don't want to do it. I want to sound like you in the off day and uh, if I get to go.

I mean, look, I mean, I want y'all, I want y'all to have what y'all need to, to get started. So I'm like, I'm not going, but I'm like, it's going to be cold, but I'm like, no, I might have to come out here tomorrow anyway. So I'm not going to trip.

Cause we're supposed to be giving away some, some more, um, space heaters because of the cold weather. And they were supposed to be here already. And they're not here yet.

So I'm like, I might come out here anyway because of that. So, and I'd be an issue, but yeah. It's up to you.

You know, it's fine. No, it's fine. We can come on.

How it works for you. What time works for you? I'm flexible. I am too.

uh, you want to go early in the morning or before lunch? Oh, teamwork. Okay. Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. 10 o'clock works.

And then, um, like I said, I did see. So Tom, I was trying to do Tuesday for you all at Woodland. If that still works for you.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. Right there in the past.

Yeah, we can do that. Okay. And then she will tell you, cause I know she has a running list of items that they needed out there that they were already putting together.

Okay. Yeah. That's no issue.

That's no issue. Yes, ma'am. Okay.

Do you have any more? Nope. I'm good. Thank you so much.

I mean, when we were talking about, we will find some system online. You know, there are some free options out there. We might use something.

We already have. We don't know, but if y'all did have a system that was going to make it a whole lot easier for us, but I don't want y'all to have to create something if you weren't planning to do it. No, no, no.

This is okay. This is the master creator. I know.

I know. Oh, look at this. Once you create for somebody else in the back burner for you.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yes, ma'am. But no, no, we got it. And then, like I said, we can refine as we go.

Okay. No problem. Cool.

Sounds like a plan. Okay. Well, thank you.

Yeah. Thank you very much for taking this call. All right.

You're welcome. And I guess I'll see you out here tomorrow. I'm gonna, I'm gonna send you the ad.

Actually, do you still have the address of where you met us that day with Ms. Dana? I'll text it to you. I'll text it. I'll fix it.

Okay. Because I'll probably be at this house and then we can start from here and go to the other places out here. Okay.

No biggie. All right. Okay.

All right. See you then. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye.